What I want to talk about in this video is how we can actually show
an image to the view inside of react-native.
Typically, there are two ways that you display
an image or there are two different sources where you get the image.
The first one is just with a local filer here.
So this time I'm going to stop PNG.
And the second way is if this file or this image was hosted on a server somewhere.
So I'll show you how to implement both of those.
Let's go ahead and do the first one first.
This local file. What we need to do is grab the Image component,
and now we render it just as we would
any other component and it takes a few different props.
I'm going to go ahead and give it a style prop of styles.img which is just down here.
We give it a width and height of 100 and a border radius of 50.
And then next, we actually need to give it the source.
So what we do for local files is we use
require and then just pass in the path to the specific file.
So you notice here our App.JS File is in
the same level or the same hierarchy as this image.
So we can access the image or we can require it
just by using.slash and then the name of the image.
So now, if we look at our apps,
you'll notice both of them have this image.
And now, say we wanted to add an image from an external source,
so an image that's hosted somewhere.
What I'm going to do is just add a view to add some spacing real quick.
And then now, in order to get the image that is hosted somewhere else,
what we'll do the same thing.
Let's add a style.
But now, instead of passing in a require invocation here,
what we're going to do is we'll pass in an object which has
a URI property and then the value of
this is going to be the specific URL where the image is being hosted at.
Which in this case is on tylermcginnis.com So now,
what will happen when our apps refresh,
you'll notice that we get two different images.
One is living locally inside of our app and the other is living on a server somewhere.